Zhao Yunxue, I told you before
You can't offend my identity
Now do you believe it?
White sugar according to the rules of Red Star
Infringement without respect
How should we deal with it?
I am the eldest sister
Infringement without respect
Chapter 80: The Emergence of Red Stars
I don't understand, sister.
This woman tricked them.
Sister, think about it.
If he is really the eldest sister
How could I have lived until now?
You mean if he is really the eldest sister
Big sister always kills
How could it be possible to fight with us back and forth?
So there is only one truth
You woman is fake
Then this white sugar mainly explains
And that's not easy.
I didn't say before
This woman abandoned her wet nurse.
What to put with the old man
I miss this old man.
He is sugar you
Therefore, Hall Master Bai
Will use their eyeliner to deal with us
I see.
Why are you two dressed as lovers?
So you two got together to lie to me?
You you sugar
I treat you as my big brother
You actually joined forces with outsiders to harm me
I will call Hall Master Haonan now
Let him judge
You don't know yet
Hall Master Haonan
That is the hand of the four hall masters of Red Star
tube mount
Bai Tang broke family rules for you
Even he will be punished